### Present: 
@bradreeder, @eliascodes, @jsms90, @JWhiles, @des-des

**Facilitating**: @bradreeder
**Record Keeper**: @eliascodes


### Agenda:
1. [Purpose](https://github.com/foundersandcoders/london-curriculum/issues/4)
2. [Ops & Temps](https://github.com/foundersandcoders/london-curriculum/issues/5)
3. [Wks 10-16](https://github.com/foundersandcoders/london-curriculum/issues/6)


### Key:
B -- @bradreeder

J -- @jsms90

D -- @des-des

W -- JWhiles

MR -- Master-Reference


### Item 1:
B: Reads london-curriculum#5

J: Issues on MR should be about updating MR to reflect the decisions of the committee.

B: I think that’s covered in the proposal already with the part about references.

J: Putting this in the london-programme, how do you make decisions w/ nazareth committee, and will there even be one in FACN1?

D: For now FACN1 will follow london closely. Need to think more about how other campuses will treat the curriculum.

J: Could create a FAC international Github org/repo now?

D: May end up forking the MR, if we feel like we need changes. That can then be fed back to FAC international and the conversation can be had then.

B: If moving towards model where curriculum cttess are local, could move all the curriculum/coursebook into london-programme and/or nazareth-programme, and MR would just contain common elements, not specific stuff.

D: MR can have loose collection of weeks that have been assembled, and local committees could assemble them into an overarching programme.

B: Q’s on how/action steps?

E: What’s the order of the action points?

B: Can wait until the charter is approved before doing the first two action points.

J: Who are the actions on?

B: Probably me or Eoin for these ones, but if anyone wants to take them on, then that’s fine.

J: Is the repo public?

B: Yes

D: Another action point; On adding to the contributing.md -> how to ref an issue in another repo.

#### Vote:
Yay: 5

Unanimous

### Item 2:
B: Reads london-curriculum#6

#### Vote:
Yay: 5

Unanimous

### Item 3:
B: Reads london-curriculum#7

W: Sounds better than learning esoteric technologies

W: Dan was saying maybe getting a longer more involved project with a partner. How does that relate to this proposal?

B: Explain

W: Dan suggested that he might be able to get an outside partner to support 2-3 weeks of design sprints with workshops built in. These wouldn’t be paid projects, but might result in more impressive portfolio pieces.

B: Probably possible to do that, but question is are students ready to be working with clients straight away? Might be better to blood them in a safer environment with internal clients first.

D: If whatever project is done for free, then there is more liberty to take on an outside project, but keep it in the FAC ‘safe space’, because the client would have no expectations. So the clients would come to FAC with an idea, and we would just internalise it and give it to the students.

J: Our cohort didn’t like the ‘fake clients’ thing, so I like this idea, but what are the clients getting out of it? Proof of concept? How invested are they going to be in terms of time? Might be better to run one of these _after_ the initial internal design sprint.

W: Clients would give them a good idea of whether they want to hire us. Companies 

W: None of my product owners did much.

W: We can run this on a speculative basis, try to get a good external client, if not, can make it an internal one instead

B: Would students be overwhelmed by going straight onto a client project straight after break?

J: If pressures off, they will be excited to work with a real client.

D: 6 people coming back from Nazareth, Dan needs to find work for 22 people. Realistically, we should expect there not to be a real client for this section.

D: PR on this topic now exists in london-curriculum, instead of the hackpad

J: Does the PR reflect this proposal?

D: It’s about Wks 10-12, not the whole proposal

D: Dan is aiming for 4 weeks of design sprints.

B: Something needs to give if we want to cram in more sprints.

D: If Dan’s got 4 weeks of design sprints, and we want 1 week for planning, then we’re looking at a 2-week internal project

B: Want 6 days for curriculum planning

J: when would we have 4 design sprints? 7 total, 4 sprints, 3 projects

E: Is employer week still there?

B: Yes, but planning is distributed

D: Take 3 days out of the internal project and 3 days out of the design sprints

J: So to summarise, everything stays as is, but week 16 becomes design sprint, and planning distributed throughout (6 days)

W: Talking about potentially 7 straight weeks of design sprints, a lot of people took them quite seriously and were here late, there’s a chance that people get overworked.

J: Employer week could server as a break from that?

W: Probably

B: Could also sub in a couple days of planning in Employer week.

B: planning is my concern, because if its distributed its easy for people to override it.

J: Could specify 5 or 6 Mondays for planning.

B: As students, how would you deal with the context switching?

J: For example, 2 days in employer week, one each in the last 3 makes 5 so no need to disturb the 2 week project.

B: Whats difference between 4 days and 5 days?

W: Things fill whatever time you give them.

W: Might be better to do one less design sprint. Spreading the planning throughout the weeks makes both the sprints and the planning less effective.

J: Keeping planning at the end means you get everyone turning up, and you have benefit of hindsight on the whole course rather than just half of it.

B: Might get pushback on more design sprints

W: 2 week internal project instead of 3?

B: 3 because want to give them room to learn new technologies during the project too.

B: Fundamental tradeoff between having the planning in one block, 3 week internal project or 4 design sprints.

W: Might make planning penultimate week, to split up sprints, and finish on a high.

E: How do we get and deal with pushback?

B: If someone has objections they can make a counter-proposal and bring it to the next curriculum meeting. But feels like changes are going to be minor.

J: How do you create a PR around something ill defined like employer week?

B: Probably doesn’t need to be in the course book

E: Might change significantly course to course

#### Vote:
Yay: 5

Unanimous

### Close
Next meeting Thursday 16th March.
